README.md, before:

---

## Week 1: Data Exploration & Preprocessing
- **Objective:** Understand EV dataset, clean data, handle missing values.
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, Pandas, NumPy
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Dataset loading and inspection
  - Data cleaning and preprocessing
  - Basic exploratory data analysis

---

## Week 2: Machine Learning Models
- **Objective:** Build predictive models for EV features
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, scikit-learn, Linear Regression, Random Forest
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Built models to predict EV Range, Sales, and Price
  - Feature selection and importance analysis
  - Model evaluation (accuracy, R², etc.)

---

## Week 3: Advanced ML & Recommendation Systems
- **Objective:** Apply advanced ML techniques and data products
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, scikit-learn, SVD, PCA, Collaborative Filtering
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Dimensionality reduction with PCA
  - Recommendation engine using collaborative filtering
  - Matrix factorization for improving recommendations

---

## Week 4: Streamlit Frontend + Chatbot
- **Objective:** Build a web app for EV predictions with visualization and chatbot
- **Tools & Technologies:** Streamlit, Plotly, Pandas, NumPy, joblib, Python
- **Features:**
  - Interactive **prediction dashboard**
  - Input sliders for EV details
  - Predictions for **Range, Sales, and Price**
  - Metrics visualization with **Plotly**
  - **EV Chatbot** to answer FAQs
- **Files:**
  - `app.py` — Streamlit web app
  - `ev_range_model.pk1` — Model for predicting EV range
  - `ev_sales_model.pk1` — Model for predicting sales
  - `ev_price_model.pk1` — Model for predicting price
  - `ev_dataset.csv` — Dataset used for training
  - `requirements.txt` — Python dependencies
  - `EV_Prediction_Presentation.pptx` — Project presentation

---

## How to Run the Streamlit App
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/EV_Prediction_Project.git

Commit message:

Enhance README with project title and description
Added project title and overview to README.

README.md, after:

⚡ EV Prediction Project

This project demonstrates end-to-end work on **Electric Vehicle (EV) data**, including **data exploration, machine learning model building, prediction dashboards, visualization, and chatbot integration**.

---

## Week 1: Data Exploration & Preprocessing
- **Objective:** Understand EV dataset, clean data, handle missing values.
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, Pandas, NumPy
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Dataset loading and inspection
  - Data cleaning and preprocessing
  - Basic exploratory data analysis

---

## Week 2: Machine Learning Models
- **Objective:** Build predictive models for EV features
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, scikit-learn, Linear Regression, Random Forest
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Built models to predict EV Range, Sales, and Price
  - Feature selection and importance analysis
  - Model evaluation (accuracy, R², etc.)

---

## Week 3: Advanced ML & Recommendation Systems
- **Objective:** Apply advanced ML techniques and data products
- **Tools & Technologies:** Python, scikit-learn, SVD, PCA, Collaborative Filtering
- **Tasks Completed:**
  - Dimensionality reduction with PCA
  - Recommendation engine using collaborative filtering
  - Matrix factorization for improving recommendations

---

## Week 4: Streamlit Frontend + Chatbot
- **Objective:** Build a web app for EV predictions with visualization and chatbot
- **Tools & Technologies:** Streamlit, Plotly, Pandas, NumPy, joblib, Python
- **Features:**
  - Interactive **prediction dashboard**
  - Input sliders for EV details
  - Predictions for **Range, Sales, and Price**
  - Metrics visualization with **Plotly**
  - **EV Chatbot** to answer FAQs
- **Files:**
  - `app.py` — Streamlit web app
  - `ev_range_model.pk1` — Model for predicting EV range
  - `ev_sales_model.pk1` — Model for predicting sales
  - `ev_price_model.pk1` — Model for predicting price
  - `ev_dataset.csv` — Dataset used for training
  - `requirements.txt` — Python dependencies
  - `EV_Prediction_Presentation.pptx` — Project presentation

---

## How to Run the Streamlit App
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/EV_Prediction_Project.git
